With this setup,
we are able to stop here for a second and
we're going to spend a little time in
the browser because the next thing that we
need to do is set up our Slack app.
So I'm going to go to api.slack.com and
we're going to set up an app.
So I'm actually going to
delete my current app, and
we're gonna start from scratch here.
So, let's create a new one.
We're gonna go from scratch, and we want
this app to be called Foodfight, and
we're gonna deploy it to my Learn
with Jason Slack instance, and
we're gonna create this app.
Okay so, what we've just done
is we have created a brand
new app that will be available only
currently to our instance of Slack.
So there are ways that you can
publish these as apps that any
Slack instance can install.
That's really not the point
of this particular workshop.
What we're trying to do
is build internal tools.
So the idea is that this is a private
app that will only be used by your Slack
instance.
And that allows us to make it a little
more personalized to our team as opposed
to something that would need to be more
generically applicable to any team that
uses it.
So the next thing that we want
to do is let's scroll down and
add some details about the the app.
So I wanna make this just
a little more personable.
So I'm gonna add like this
little smiling emoji,
and then I'm gonna add some details here.
So, we'll say,
argue with your coworkers about food
opinions that definitely don't matter.
We've got an asset for
the app icon that is in the GitHub repo.
So, if we go to that chat ops frontend
masters into assets, we can grab this and
use this as a logo for the app.
So I'm going to open that.
I set a background color.
You're welcome to, you know, you can skip
all this stuff if you don't want to do it.
But so
this is 691487 as a background color.
And then as a long description,
I'm going to copy paste this out.
And what we've got here is just
a little fun copy to explain
to people why this exists, right?
So, the app that we're building for
this one is not like task management
specifically because I figured that would
be too idiosyncratic between teams.
So instead I'm using the same flow of,
we want to capture user
input out of Slack and
then put it somewhere for later triage and
you can adopt this to your specific
workflow, you don't need to use mine.
I think it should be it should
be something that you talk to
your team about.
What information do you need,
why are you capturing it?
How does it get managed?
What are the intervals for it?
So we're intentionally going a little bit
silly with this app, to get away from
the idea that I'm telling you this is
exactly how you should build the app.
And more, these are the mechanics
of building the app and
you should adapt it to your team.
So once we have set that up,
let's save it.
And then we can go over to
this slash commands section.
So the place we're going to spend the most
time in this app is in this slash commands
and interactivity and shortcuts here.
So you'll see me go back
to these quite a bit.
So inside the slash commands,
we're going to create a new one and
we're going to call this one Foodfight and
the request URL is going
to be our nullify live URL.
So I'm going to copy this,
and head back in.
And now there's a caveat to be made here.
And it's important because it
can get annoying, but to me,
it's less annoying than
having to deploy every time.
Anytime you stop and restart your dev
server, it is going to change this URL.
This little hash here is going
to change every time we stop and
start the dev server.
So because right now
I've stopped the server,
I actually should start it again so
that we can try this out.
Oops, I forgot to do the live flag.
Oops.
There's the live flag.
And so here we can see we've got a new
hash, and so I'm gonna change this out.
And now we've got a new
live URL that we can run.
And so anytime you make the change,
you will need to edit this in the Slack
API dashboard, so that is important.
Next we can add just some details,
these will show up in Slack, so
it's nice to have.
So I'm gonna add a short description of
start an argument about food as a treat.
And then as a usage hint,
this is kind of saying like what
the parameters are of the command.
So I'm going to I'm going to set it to
say your most controversial food opinion.
And the intention here is that when
somebody writes a slash command,
they don't even have to open the slash
command before they can start typing.
They can just say, slash,
FoodFight and then type a sentence.
And that sentence will be what gets passed
in to the user input, so this is really
really similar to what somebody would
do if they were just gonna say,
hey can you help me build XYZ?
Now they can just do slash request,
can you help me build XYZ right?
So again, compliance via convenience.
If somebody's gonna type in your Slack
channel anyways, letting them know
that prefixing it with your slash command
means that it actually gets tracked and
triaged and managed with a CLA from your
team like yes, we are actually going to
earn, SLA from your team, we're going
to manage these tasks within x time.
Those are really powerful ways to help
your team know how to work with you and
feel confident that the way
they're working with you
is going to actually work.
So once we've done that, we can save.
And then I'm going to minimize this and
I'm going to open up Slack.
So this is a Slack workspace and
what I'm gonna do is just go,
let's just clear this out a little bit.
So this is a cleared,
[LAUGH] very high-tech clearing
of the Slack channel here.
But what we can do now is we can actually
run our FoodFight command after we've
added the app.
So we need to make the app available,
right now it's not here.
So you can see if I start typing
just FoodFight, it's not there and
I need to add the app to a channel
in order to make it work, so
the first thing is going into
the OAuth and permissions here.
Why don't we make sure that
it's got all the right scopes?
So, this first scope here, commands,
is the one that's going to allow those
slash commands to be registered.
So we're saying your bot can manage
commands, but the part that we don't have
yet is right now our bot wouldn't
be able to send any messages back.
And we do want it to be able to do that,
so before we install it,
because every time you change permissions,
you have to install it.
Let's add chat, right?
And that is gonna be everything
that this one needs.
So we can, we can save that.
And then now let's install
it to the workspace.
Doesn't have a bot user to install.
I know what it is.
Nevermind.
Let's, so here on the add display name.
So it's on App Home.
Scroll down to your
app's presence in Slack,
and here we have to add
actual bot information.
So we're going to name
this bot food-fight,
and we're going to give it a default
username of food-fight and add.
And then we can show it as always online.
That's a nice easy thing to do
if people want to see whether or
not the bot is working.
And so up here now it says bot user added.
So now that we've added that bot user,
we can go back to this OAuth and
permissions and
we can install the workspace.
And now it's saying that it can do things.
It can send messages as food-fight,
and it can add shortcuts or
slash commands that people can use.
And that's what we wanted to be able
to do, so we're gonna hit allow.
Good, good.
And next we're going to
minimize this window here,
start typing Foodfight.
And now we've got Food Fight here.
And you can see that whatever
we give it as the body of
our command is what will
show up in the output here.
But note that it's only visible to you,
and
that's because we can give feedback to the
user who ran the command using the body of
what we returned from the slash command.
But if we want to send
a message to everybody,
we're going to have to use Slack's API
to send a message as the bot.